Release Hermes v1.9.0 (#4014)
informalsystems/hermes: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v1.9.0

*May 30th, 2024*

This v1.9.0 release introduces new features and improvements to Hermes.

**Major Features**:

> 1. Channel Upgrade Compatibility: Hermes now supports channel upgrade events introduced in ibc-go v8, ensuring smoother transitions and enhanced functionality.
> 
> 3. Dynamic Gas Fees Compatibility: Hermes is now compatible with Skip's feemarket for dynamic gas fees, in addition to Osmosis' implementation, providing more flexibility in gas fee management.
> 
> Additionally, this release includes various bug fixes enhancing the stability and performance of Hermes. These fixes address issues with channel and connection creation on unsupported ibc-go versions, event extraction, health-check messages, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Channel Upgrades:** Hermes now handles [channel upgrade](https://www.ibcprotocol.dev/blog/introducing-ibc-channel-upgradability) events introduced in ibc-go v8, helping chains opting-in to new functionality on existing channels.
2. **Dynamic Gas Fees Compatibility:** Hermes is now compatible with Skip's `x/feemarket` module for dynamic gas fees, in addition to Osmosis' implementation, providing more flexibility in gas fee management.

Additionally, this release includes various bug fixes enhancing the stability and performance of Hermes. These fixes address issues with channel and connection creation on older ibc-go versions, event extraction, health-check messages, and more.
```

### BREAKING CHANGES

- [Telemetry & Metrics](telemetry)
  - Remove the `telemetry` and `rest-server` feature flags, ensuring Hermes is always built with telemetry and REST support.
    Both servers can still be disabled in the configuration file, by setting `telemetry.enabled = false` and `rest.enabled = false`, respectively.
    ([\#3878](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/pull/3878))

> ### BUG FIXES

Reviewer: Let's move this section after the features

Author: Done in 37744d55428313f595a042df6b3924948cdc5e8c
